   Skip to main content
   [CTVNews_horizontal_logo_f.svg]
   Live CTV.ca
   OTTAWA
   (BUTTON)
     * Search CTVNews.ca ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
       (BUTTON) News
          +

Latest
               o
               o News
               o Weather
               o Gas Prices
               o Contests
               o Real Estate
               o
               o
               o Photo Galleries
               o Recipes
               o Traffic
               o Pop Quiz
               o Community Calendar
               o
               o
               o Weekenders
          +

Featured
               o
               o Toy Mountain
               o COVID-19 in Ottawa
               o Freedom Convoy
               o Fields to Forks
               o Natalie MacLean's Wines of the Week
          +

Around the Region
               o
               o Kingston News
               o Brockville News
               o Pembroke News
     * (BUTTON) Video
          +

Watch
               o
               o All
               o Latest
               o CTV News Live
               o CTV News App
               o Video Help
     * (BUTTON) Shows
          +

News Programs
               o
               o CTV Morning Live
               o CTV News at Noon
               o CTV News at Five
               o CTV News at Six
               o CTV News at 11:30
     * (BUTTON) About
          +

Who We Are
               o
               o About Us
               o Contact Us
               o Advertise with Us
               o Personalities
               o Newsletters
               o
               o
               o CTV News App
               o Submit a news tip
          +

Social
               o
               o Facebook
               o X
               o Instagram
               o TikTok
     * (BUTTON) Across Canada
          +

Other Cities
               o
               o Atlantic
               o Barrie
               o Calgary
               o Edmonton
               o Guelph
               o
               o
               o Kingston
               o Kitchener
               o Lethbridge
               o London
               o Montreal
               o
               o
               o Nanaimo
               o Newfoundland and Labrador
               o Northern Ontario
               o Ottawa
               o Pembroke
               o
               o
               o Prince Albert
               o Red Deer
               o Regina
               o Saskatoon
               o Sault Ste. Marie
               o
               o
               o Toronto
               o Vancouver
               o Vancouver Island
               o Windsor
               o Winnipeg

   Search CTVNews.ca ____________________ (BUTTON) Search
   Ottawa



Protesters from across Ontario travel to Ottawa for largest pro-Palestine
rally yet

   Thousands of people gathered on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Saturday for
   a rally calling for a permanent ceasefire in Gaza on the second-day of
   a four-day pause in the fighting.

   There have been protests in Ottawa every week since the Oct. 7 Hamas
   attack, which have grown in size and scope.
     * Complete coverage of the Israel-Hamas war

   Several groups, including the Palestinian Youth Movement and Jews Say
   No to Genocide, and their supporters gathered in Ottawa Saturday
   afternoon.

   The Palestinian Youth Movement said on social media it is demanding "an
   end to Canadian complicity in the ongoing genocide in Gaza and
   colonization of Palestine" and to demand that the government call for a
   permanent ceasefire in the region. It is also demanding Canada cease
   selling weapons to Israel.

   "We call on Palestinians, Arabs, and people of conscience from all
   across Canada to make plans to travel to Ottawa on this day for what is
   sure to be a historic march: together, a people's chorus becomes
   impossible for the Canadian government to ignore," the group said.

   "We are here to call for a genuine ceasefire. Not a pause but a genuine
   ceasefire," said the Palestinian Youth Movement's Yara Shoufani. "We
   are here today in a historic march in support of the Palestinian
   people."

   The Jews Say No to Genocide group said in a news release on Friday that
   it is also calling for a permanent ceasefire, a halt to all military
   aid and arms sales to Israel and for the government to demand an end to
   the occupation of Gaza and the West Bank.

   "The continued escalation we are witnessing of the Israeli
   state-sanctioned brutality, human rights violations and crimes against
   humanity across Gaza and the West Bank must end now," the group said.

   "Canadian Jews add their voices to this global chorus calling for
   justice for the Palestinian people. As Jews, we cannot and will not
   stand idly by as the State of Israel - with the full support of the
   Canadian government - continues to commit atrocities day-in, day-out
   that go against the very core of our faith."

   According to federal government figures, Canada exported more than $21
   million worth of military goods and technology to Israel in 2022.

   Parliament Hill at around 2:15 p.m. ET Nov. 25, 2023. Thousands of
   people are gathered to call on the Canadian government to demand a
   permanent ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war. (Hill Cam/PSPC)

   Organizers say people were bussed in to Ottawa from across Ontario,
   including Toronto, Mississauga, and Kitchener-Waterloo.

   Among the crowd was Ontario MPP Sara Jama, who was ejected from the
   provincial NDP caucus over a social media post two days after the Oct.
   7 attack in which she expressed support for the Palestinian people and
   called for an end to the "occupation of Palestinian land." She was
   criticized for not mentioning Hamas or the attack. She later apologized
   and condemned Hamas, but the Progressive Conservative government
   censured her in the legislature.

   "I'm here today in support of the many Palestinians that are organizing
   to continue to put pressure on this government for a ceasefire," Jama
   said Saturday. "We know that a four-day pause is not enough."

   Ottawa Centre NDP MPP Joel Harden was also at the rally.

   "Release all hostages. End the seige, end the occupation. Itâ€™s time for
   peace with justice," he wrote on X.

   Also in attendance was Dr. Tarek Loubani, from London, Ont., who is
   facing a mischief charge after an MP's office was vandalized with
   ketchup following a demonstration in October. Loubani expressed concern
   about the lack of medical supplies in Gaza.

   "They don't have the basic composites of medical care, like water,
   soap, anesthetic," he said. "With these things absent, they aren't able
   to do their job appropriately."

   Loubani made international headlines when he was detained in Egypt
   while on his way to Gaza for a medical mission in 2013.

   In 2018, he was shot in the legs while helping wounded protesters in
   Gaza.

   After leaving Parliament Hill, demonstrators marched through downtown
   Ottawa streets.

   Protesters march from Parliament Hill through downtown Ottawa calling
   for a permanent ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war. Nov. 25, 2023. (City
   of Ottawa traffic camera, Rideau and Sussex)

   A four-day ceasefire in Gaza began Friday as part of an agreement
   brokered by Qatar, to free hostages and prisoners. Twenty-four Hamas
   hostages were freed Friday, including 13 Israeli citizens, 10 Thai
   nationals and one Filipino person. Israel released 39 Palestinian
   prisoners. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said the war
   effort will continue after the ceasefire expires.
     * The information you need to know, sent directly to you: Download
       the CTV News App
     * Sign up now for our nightly CTV News Ottawa newsletter

   Over the four days, Hamas is supposed to release at least 50 Israeli
   hostages, and Israel will free 150 Palestinian prisoners, all of them
   women and children.

   The continued release of hostages from Gaza was delayed Saturday when
   Hamas alleged Israel violated the terms of the truce; however, it was
   later agreed that Hamas would release 13 Israelis and seven other
   foreign nationals in exchange for 39 Palestinians.

   Since the war began, around 1,200 people in Israel have been killed,
   largely from Hamas's incursion on Oct. 7, while more than 13,000
   Palestinians have been killed, according the Ministry of Health in
   Hamas-controlled Gaza, most often because of Israeli airstrikes in
   retaliation for the Hamas attack.

   --With files from CTV News Ottawa's Natalie van Rooy, CTV News Toronto,
   CTV News London, and The Associated Press.

Shopping Trends

   The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News.
   We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.
     * [rideau-and-sussex-nov-25-2023-345-pm-1-6660881-1700945386562.png]

Gifts

23 Brilliant Gifts For The Person Who Already Seems To Have Everything
     *

26 Stocking Stuffers From Amazon Canada They'll Genuinely Love
     *

12 Gift Ideas For New Parents (Or Anyone With A Baby)

     * [rideau-and-sussex-nov-25-2023-345-pm-1-6660881-1700945386562.png]

Editor's Picks

10 Highly-Reviewed Fitness Products That You'll Want To Treat Yourself To
     *

Our Guide to the Best Snowshoes in Canada in 2023 (And Where to Get Them)
     *

12 Wellness Products For Anyone Who Could Use Some Self-Care

     * [rideau-and-sussex-nov-25-2023-345-pm-1-6660881-1700945386562.png]

Home

Our Guide to the Best Humidifiers in Canada in 2023 (And Where to Get Them)
     *

We Tested Out the Best Cordless Vacuums, and Here Are Our Honest Opinions
     *

12 Life-Changing Cleaning Products That'll Keep Mess To A Minimum

     * [rideau-and-sussex-nov-25-2023-345-pm-1-6660881-1700945386562.png]

Deals

Here Are All The Best Deals You'll Find On Amazon Canada This Week
     *

Black Friday And Cyber Monday May Be Over, But You Can Still Take Advantage
Of These Amazing Deals
     *

This Vancouver-Based Modular Furniture Company Is Having A Major Cyber Week
Sale

Ottawa Top Stories

     *

The 10 busiest photo radar cameras in Ottawa so far in 2023
     *

OPP seek driver in reported hit-and-run on Hwy. 417
     *

Christmas markets abuzz as Ottawa gets in the festive spirit
     *

'People are confused': Survey suggests Canadians need education on Charter
rights
     *

Senators tip Red Wings 5-1, Larkin injured on hit from behind
     *

Pro-Palestine supporters gather in Ottawa to call for permanent ceasefire as
bombing in Gaza continues
     *

OPP lay charges in 'major assault' that hospitalized 2 people
     *

Mideast ministers in Ottawa to discuss Israel-Hamas war with Joly, Trudeau

CTVNews.ca Top Stories

'No one else has done this on the planet': Guilbeault insists emissions cap
delay is due to novelty

   Environment and Climate Change Minister Steven Guilbeault says the
   delay in announcing details of his governmentâ€™s proposed oil and gas
   sector emissions cap is due to its uniqueness and to wanting to get it
   right.

Canada has a secretive history of adoption, and some want it brought to light

   In a theatre in St. John's, N.L., a murmur spreads through the audience
   as people timidly raise their hands. They have been asked if they saw
   their own stories reflected in the film they just watched -- 'A Quiet
   Girl.'

Minnesota grocery store clerk dies after customer impales him with a golf
club, police say

   A Minneapolis store clerk died after a customer beat him and impaled
   him with a golf club, police said. The 66-year-old clerk was attacked
   Friday at the Oak Grove Grocery, a small neighborhood store in a
   residential area near downtown Minneapolis. A 44-year-old suspect is
   jailed on suspicion of murder.

Tennessee residents clean up after severe weekend storms killed 6 people and
damaged neighbourhoods

   Central Tennessee residents and emergency workers cleaned up Sunday
   from severe weekend storms and tornadoes that killed six people and
   sent more to the hospital while damaging buildings, turning over
   vehicles and knocking out power to tens of thousands.

A gigantic new ICBM will take U.S. nuclear missiles out of the Cold War-era
but add 21st-century risks

   The $96 billion Sentinel overhaul involves 450 silos across five
   states, their control centres, three nuclear missile bases and several
   other testing facilities. The project is so ambitious it has raised
   questions as to whether the Air Force can get it all done at once.

'People are confused': Survey suggests Canadians need education on Charter
rights

   While one-third of Canadians say they have read the Charter of Rights
   and Freedoms, many fail to distinguish between its text and that of the
   U.S. Declaration of Independence, a new survey suggests.

Elon Musk restores X account of conspiracy theorist Alex Jones

   Elon Musk has restored the X account of conspiracy theorist Alex Jones,
   pointing to a poll on the social media platform formerly known as
   Twitter that came out in favour of the Infowars host who repeatedly
   called the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting a hoax.

Marathon Conservative carbon tax filibuster ends after nearly 30 consecutive
hours of House votes

   The Conservative-prompted filibuster in the House of Commons ended
   Friday night, after MPs spent nearly 30 hours voting non-stop on the
   government's spending plans.

Woman charged with manslaughter after 2 sets of young twins killed in 2021
U.K. fire

   A woman has been charged with four counts of manslaughter after two
   sets of young twins were killed in a fire that ripped through a London
   home in 2021.

Atlantic

     *

Tent fire at Grand Parade leaves volunteers calling the situation emergency
       An early morning fire has shaken the homeless encampment at Grand
       Parade in downtown Halifax.
     *

3 dead, 3 injured after collision in P.E.I.
       The Queens District RCMP has arrested a 20-year-old man after a
       fatal collision in P.E.I. left three people dead and three others
       seriously injured.
     *

'The whole house shakes': Moncton residents fed up with noise, odour from AIM
facility
       The New Brunswick government has given the American Iron and Metal
       Company (AIM) a deadline of December 22 to offer a response to the
       release of a task force review into a massive scrapyard fire that
       happened in Saint John this September.

Toronto

     * NEW

NEW | Illegal right turns frustrate residents as construction plagues midtown
Toronto intersection
       Frustration with Toronto drivers is mounting on a small residential
       street south of Eglinton Avenue West, sandwiched between the on and
       off-ramps to Allen Road.
     *

Pedestrian fatally struck by driver on Highway 401 near Kennedy Road
       Police are looking for witnesses and information after a pedestrian
       was fatally struck by a driver early Sunday morning on Highway 401
       in Scarborough.
     *

Man critically injured after stabbing at early morning bar fight in
Scarborough
       A man was rushed to a trauma centre via emergency run after being
       stabbed early Sunday morning in Scarborough, paramedics say.

Montreal

     *

West Island clients seek refund from snow plow company that didn't show up
       Dozens of families in the West Island are demanding their money
       back because the man they paid to do their snow removal never
       showed up to clear their driveways after the first snowstorm of the
       season.
     *

Expect lots of rain in the Montreal area Sunday and Monday
       Montreal, Laval and the South Shore can expect 10 â€“ 20 millimetres
       of rain and about five centimetres of snow Sunday into Monday.
     *

Off-island residents fed up as work on Ile-aux-Tourtes continues
       Ongoing construction work on the Ile-aux-Tourtes Bridge off
       Montreal is causing frustration for some people who live
       off-island.

Northern Ontario

     *

Another driver charged with stunt driving on Hwy. 11
       A driver is accused of travelling more than 70km/h over the speed
       limit on Highway 11 on Friday, provincial police say.
     *

Shohei Ohtani agrees to record $700 million, 10-year contract with Dodgers
       Shohei Ohtani has opted to stay in southern California, and the
       Toronto Blue Jays have missed out on landing a generational talent.
     *

Commercial vehicle driver from Quebec driving impaired on Hwy. 11, police say
       A 65-year-old driver from L'ÃŽle-Cadieux, Que. is facing multiple
       charges following an incident on Highway 11 Wednesday evening.

London

     *

'People are confused': Survey suggests Canadians need education on Charter
rights
       While one-third of Canadians say they have read the Charter of
       Rights and Freedoms, many fail to distinguish between its text and
       that of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, a new survey
       suggests.
     *

Two people injured in hit-and-run, suspect arrested
       A London, Ont. man is facing charges in relation to a hit-and-run
       investigation.
     *

Mild conditions Sunday ahead of flurries and snow squalls Monday
       Sunday will be mainly cloudy with a chance of showers, but there is
       a risk of snow squalls Monday morning.

Winnipeg

     *

â€˜We really need to support those peopleâ€™: Market makers ask Winnipeggers to
shop local
       With inflation still high and the cost of living skyrocketing, some
       vendors at craft and Christmas bazaars are struggling to market
       their markets. This is prompting many small businesses in Manitoba
       to make a plea to purchase locally.
     *

'Where there's a will': Peg City Kindness Crew strives to fulfill
overwhelming hamper demand
       A newly-created non-profit group is attempting to give out three
       times more holiday hampers this year, as the high cost of living
       leaves many Manitobans struggling this holiday season.
     *

Minnesota grocery store clerk dies after customer impales him with a golf
club, police say
       A Minneapolis store clerk died after a customer beat him and
       impaled him with a golf club, police said. The 66-year-old clerk
       was attacked Friday at the Oak Grove Grocery, a small neighborhood
       store in a residential area near downtown Minneapolis. A
       44-year-old suspect is jailed on suspicion of murder.

Kitchener

     *

Police release new photos after multiple shots fired into Kitchener crowd
       Police are investigating a shooting in a Kitchener neighbourhood
       that sent one person to hospital.
     *

Hate-motivated graffiti discovered in Waterloo neighbourhood
       Police are investigating after hate-motivated graffiti was
       discovered in a Waterloo neighbourhood.
     *

Truck hits LRT train in Waterloo
       A truck hit an ION train on Saturday morning, shutting down a
       Waterloo street.

Calgary

     *

Hischier scores twice as visiting New Jersey Devils top Calgary Flames 4-2
       New Jersey's improved play since Nico Hischier's return from injury
       continued on Saturday.
     *

Calgary Jewish and Palestinian leaders encouraging peace over holidays
       On the second day of Hanukkah, Temple Bâ€™Nai Tikvah marked it by
       going green, lighting a menorah using its array of solar panels.
     *

The Dodgers gave Shohei Ohtani US$700 million to hit and pitch - but also
because he can sell
       Shohei Ohtani's jaw-dropping US$700 million, 10-year deal with the
       Los Angeles Dodgers has some similarities to other contracts for
       the world's biggest sports stars, including soccer icons Lionel
       Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, along with NFL quarterback Patrick
       Mahomes.

Saskatoon

     *

Saskatoon man in custody following domestic violence assault, collision with
police cruiser
       A Saskatoon man is in custody following a domestic violence assault
       and collision with a police cruiser in the early hours of Saturday.
     *

Saskatoon youth use lived experience to help design new group home
       A young woman has used her lived experience to help design
       Saskatoonâ€™s second mental health group home.
     *

Saskatoon projects $13M in surpluses, could the money go to taxpayers?
       After lengthy budget talks last week, where city councillors spent
       nearly 30 hours searching for savings, there's a new twist.

Edmonton

     *

Snowboard sensations put on a Big Air show
       No Canadians made it to the podium at Saturday nightâ€™s FIS World
       Cup Big Air Snowboard event at Commonwealth Stadium. But the night
       saw some snowboarding history being made.
     *

At COP28, sticking points remain on fossil fuels and adapting to climate as
talks near crunch time
       Negotiators have been urged to narrow down their options so they
       can agree on how to save Earth from disastrous levels of warming
       and help vulnerable societies adapt to weather extremes as the
       clock runs down on United Nations climate talks.
     *

Hischier scores twice as visiting New Jersey Devils top Calgary Flames 4-2
       New Jersey's improved play since Nico Hischier's return from injury
       continued on Saturday.

Vancouver

     *

Law Society of B.C. disbars former lawyer after sexual assault conviction
       A former Nanaimo lawyer has been disbarred for sexual misconduct
       that occurred when he was practising in Abbotsford in 2018.
     *

B.C. storm brings wind, snow and rain to much of the province
       A winter storm brought a wind warning to B.C.'s capital and
       snowfall warnings for parts of its largest metro area Saturday.
     *

Union Gospel Mission annual Christmas meal serves 2,000 plates
       The Union Gospel Mission served around 3,000 plates of turkey at
       its annual Christmas meal on Vancouver's Downtown Eastside
       Saturday.

Regina

     *

Two people dead following house fire in Regina, crews investigating
       The Regina Police Service (RPS), along with Regina Fire and the
       Saskatchewan Coroners Service are investigating after two people
       died in a house fire in Regina.
     *

Fire crews in Kamsack battle late night fire
       Fire crews in Kamsack battled a fire late Friday night at a local
       hotel and liquor store.
     *

5 heated highlights from Saskatchewan's fall legislative sesson
       Sparring over ideological differences is a key fixture of any
       parliamentary democracy. However, some moments in the fall session
       seemed especially tense in Saskatchewanâ€™s legislative chambers.

Stay Connected

   [ctv-news-newsletter-promo.png]
   [ctv-news--voice-promo.png]
   [ctv-news-app-promo.png]
   Follow CTV News

     * Search CTV News
     * Advertise on CTVNews.ca
     * Political Ads Registry
     * About CTV Careers
     * CTV News Stox
     * Press Room
     * Editorial Standards & Policies
     * Contact Us
     * CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends
     *
         ______________________________________________________________

       Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news
       Subscribe to newsletter

    CTV News Programs
     * CTV National News
     * Power Play
     * W5
     * CTV Question Period
     * CTV News Channel

    Local News
     * Atlantic
     * Barrie
     * Calgary
     * Edmonton
     * Guelph
     * Kitchener
     * Lethbridge
     * London
     * Montreal
     * Northern Ontario
     * Ottawa
     * Prince Albert
     * Red Deer
     * Regina
     * Saskatoon
     * Toronto
     * Vancouver
     * Vancouver Island
     * Windsor
     * Winnipeg
     * Yorkton

   Â© 2023 Bell Media logo All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes
   acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
